# OS
Prioritized Longest Remaining Time First (PLRTF) algorithm

C program to implement the following scenario. Consider a scheduling algorithm known as the Prioritized Longest Remaining Time First (PLRTF) algorithm. PLRTF is a preemptive scheduling algorithm. This algorithm considers 2 weight values – w1 and w2. w1 is associated with CPU burst of a process (total or remaining) and w2 is associated with the priority of the process. Assume 0 < w1, w2 < 1. There is no relation between w1 and w2 implying that w1 < w2 or w1 > w2 or w1 = w2. For this scenario, higher integer values indicate higher process priorities. Suppose that T denotes the CPU burst cycle (total or remaining) of a process and Pr denotes the priority of the process, then for this algorithm, the CPU scheduler picks the process having the maximum value of (w1*T + w2*Pr) and allocates the CPU to it. In case of a tie, the process having a lower value of arrival time is selected. If while executing a process P, another process Q arrives at the ready queue and the weighted sum of total CPU burst cycle and priority of Q is higher than the weighted sum of the remaining CPU burst cycle and priority of P, then Q will preempt P. Otherwise, P will continue execution until it terminates or is pre-empted by any other newly arrived process. Inputs from the user: the number of processes, arrival time, CPU burst cycle and priority of each process and the values of w1 and w2. Calucate the individual waiting time, average waiting time and order of process execution.